I graduated from the university of the
ghetto the school of hard knocks broken
dreams I have a PhD in Caucasian ISM and
I graduated summa laude I understand
my country tis of thee sweet land of
liberty we are pioneers trailblazers and
this is the greatest nation in the world
have a PhD in Caucasian ISM George
Walker Bush had the most diverse cabinet
of any president in the history of the
United States but sees wearing an Obama
button that because I'm gonna crap ever
is best for America do not get caught up
in party Laura John F Kennedy said
sometimes the party Laura T ask too much
speaker Rock I see it you know there is
no it's the week of occasion you know
apprehension North Sea Jewishness I have
a PhD in Caucasian ISM he's giving him
now you know camasta you know but I
leave that alone
you know maybe because I'm not one that
would be I yeah it was Iago Iago was one
of the greatest agitators in the world
Kings the only guy goes from one plate
to another without a breath right what
God is given the president just think
that Emma Blackmun have a PhD in
Caucasian ISM boxing and boxing people
always have had a great influence in
politics
why because boxing is life this is what
you gotta look at no matter it's a fight
you get the baby with a nipple you take
the Viktor Pesta father's mouth to baby
yeah yeah yeah yeah put the puzzle back
in your the shut the mouth you know me
in Africa the baby that don't cry he dag
we use of mister king and not
necessarily those of the promotion was a
revolutionary
I'll go back on the school that you and
accurate member hey everybody let's have
some fun
you don't live but once and when you're
dead you're done so let the good times
roll
have a PhD in Caucasian ISM it don't
matter whether you yoga oh let the good
times roll so I want this country to let
the good times roll
you